#**PREDATORY GANGSTALKING**

Predatory Gangstalking is a critical phenomenon referring to a group of loosely affiliated people who, in an organized and systematic manner, relentlessly invade all areas of an individual's life on a continuing basis, as part of their lifestyle. While each individual gangstalker does his or her small part, what defines Predatory Gangstalking is the collective intent to do harm.

Tactics of Predatory Gangstalking include highly coordinated surveillance (_hidden cameras, conversation bugging in private as well as public_), harassment, psychological, psychosocial, financial and sometimes physical assaults on an individual by a large group of people who are often strangers to the targeted individual.

A Predatory Gangstalking group is a well-run organization comprised of members who are unidentified as gangstalkers to the outside world. Until a group of gangstalkers turn their face towards someone selected to be one of their targets, members of society do not realize there is such an invisible group. The practitioners of predatory gangstalking are people who, for the most part, go about their business of daily life appearing like everyone else, except for their activities involved with Predatory Gangstalking. Predatory gangstalking activities take priority over everything else in the lives of Predatory Gangstalkers. Predatory gangstalking is actually a lifestyle for those who participate in it.

Predatory Gangstalking is also called "terror stalking", "gangstalking", "flash mobbing", "cause stalking," "hate stalking," "multi-stalking, "happy slapping," "workplace bullying" and "covert war."

"Flash mobbing" is an event occurring when a targeted individual is spotted in society. Their photo and location is immediately and simultaneously sent out by cell phone text messages and Internet email to all gangstalkers within a certain radius. All gangstalkers then suddenly descend upon the target as a mob.

"Cause stalking" refers to gangstalking by single-issue radicals. They stalk a targeted person related to that specific agenda. "Cause stalking" has been reported to have been carried out by radical Christians who believe in "dominion theology."

Dominion Theology is a religious interpretation of the Bible which these groups believe requires them to "take dominion over the earth" which they believe is the precursor to the return of Jesus to earth. "Cause stalkers" in general believe that they are bringing about social change through gangstalking activities. "Cause stalking" can be carried out by White Supremacist as a form of "Hate Stalking (_Scientology groups are another eg._)." This type of predatory gangstalking is primarily for the purpose of intimidation and often is a precursor to or an adjunct to violence.

"Happy slapping" refers to group harassment of one youth by other youths carried live over cell phones equipped to handle video to peers youths. The young gangstalkers slap around the targeted youth while laughing at him or her while several other youths broadcast the incident live to as many peers as possible.

"Ritual Gangstalking" is reportedly performed by cults and secret organizations such as Satanists, secret orders of Free Masons, some Voodoo as well as Obeah practitioners and Scientologists as a means of control or for punishment. "Ritual abuse" is incorporated into "Ritual Gangstalking" patterns in this case.

"Workplace bullying" involves gangstalking activities tailored to the workplace which are carried out by a group of employees against another individual employee.

"Cybergangstalking" is a situation where an individual is identified to be a target through Internet participation and their personal identity is determined. Cybergangstalkers pierce the electronic veil and are able to enter into the real life of a person, creating all forms of harassment, theft, psychological operations including slander and libel and able to commit crimes against the targeted individual.

"Vigilante Stalking, Terror Stalking" is the same as Predatory Stalking.

For the purpose of this informational writing, all activities will be referred to as "predatory gangstalking" because the tactics and characteristics of the gangstalking are the same. And often a targeted person will become the victim of more than one type of gangstalking.

Predatory Gangstalking is reported by historians to have been originally developed by social scientists and psychologists in communist and fascist's countries as a means of control of individuals within those societies. The tactics and techniques of Predatory Gangstalking were developed through animal and then human experimentation. The methodology of Predatory Gangstalking is precise and well-orchestrated. It is reported that the technical mechanics for Predatory Gangstalking were first sold on the Black Market by the ruling party leaders of East Germany when the USSR political systems crumbled. These protocols were subsequently exported to other countries and implemented there against unsuspecting citizens. Predatory Gangstalking has been invoked, reportedly, against citizens worldwide. Thus far, it has continued unchecked. One of the reasons for the unchallenged proliferation of this form of organized crime is that it characteristically takes place in such a way that it is invisible to the untrained eye. It is understandably, therefore, considered to be the ‘perfect crime’, as it remains unchallenged and extremely difficult to prove.

The countries with the greatest number of reports are the US, Canada, Germany and England. In the US, the states with the greatest number of reported predatory gangstalkings are California, Texas and New York. The predominant proportion of individuals targeted by gangstalkers are non-Caucasians. It is difficult to find other predominant similar characteristics in targets. The reasons that an individual is selected for targeting are unknown. It can only be speculated to include reasons such as easy accessibility to the target, random selection for training for new Predatory Gangstalkers, minority group member relative to hate-based groups, making an example of someone, revenge, retaliation and social control.

Who are the practitioners of Predatory Gangstalking? They include career criminals, participants in the drug trade, extreme ideologists such as radical Christians, members of hate groups such as White Supremacists, members of motorcycle and street gangs and homeless people. They are also often people with a background in the military, including disabled Vets. Higher levels in the Predatory Gangstalking organizations include people in military and law enforcement or with same experience, secret service/defence employees, government officials, Banking firms, and so on. It has been reported that top level government security and intelligence agencies use gangstalking tactics in covert operations. What is most baffling about Predatory Gangstalking is that many of the practitioners of this social pathology appear to be regular mainstream people with no prior criminal record, predominantly in the socio-economic middle class. It is presumed they participate for the money or rewards they receive in the form of barter or for a social-conscience feelgood factor.

The world of Predatory Gangstalking increases as new recruits are initiated into the Predatory Gangstalking process. Therefore, a target may see collusion and participation from neighbors and co-workers who were once on good terms with the target. The circle of predatory gangstalkers widens with time. However, most of the time, the gangstalkers are complete strangers to the target. In most of the encounters the target has with gangstalkers, the target does not recognize the perpetrators but the gangstalkers readily recognize the target. Further, these predatory strangers possess detailed knowledge about the targeted individual. Most often, Predatory Gangstalking is being engaged in by parties unknown, for reasons unknown, to the target. People have died after a lifetime of protracted Predatory Gangstalking without having any explanations as to who was doing this or why this happened to them.

Sometimes, the leaders in these large affiliated groups of gangstalkers have specialized military expertise in the areas of military intelligence, military electronics and equipment and in military strategic and tactical training. Those without formal military training have often engaged in paramilitary activities or have technical skills commonly found in successful career criminals. Others who join a Predatory Gangstalking group without such a background are given on-the-job training, in addition to other gangstalking skills. It can be said with certainty that there are specific protocols and tactics and most gangstalkers appear to be proficient in a similar set of skills.

Predatory Gangstalkers each have their own individual skill that they contribute towards their common goal in the group. One person in a group knows how to pick locks; another knows how to hack into computers, while someone else provides the GPS and electronic equipment. Many Predatory Gangstalking members know how to tamper with a vehicle. Some predatory gangstalkers are practiced "look outs" while others are group leaders. Predatory gangstalking groups have their rank and file as in any other organization. Orders come from the top, just as in any other organization. However, it is unknown whether the top of the organizations are local, regional, national, or international.

Predatory Gangstalkers use state-of-the-art technology coupled with surveillance tactics in the style of law-enforcement. Typically, the individual gangstalkers are strangers to the target. (_"Happy slapping" and "workplace bullying" are the most common exceptions_) Participants in predatory gangstalking are well-trained. The tactics and techniques they use are similar all around the world in the numerous countries where this has been reported. Each group of predatory gangstalkers is a covert army unto themselves. They have incorporated specialized techniques originally used by spies during the cold war. They carry out their field work with military style precision. Then, they go about their daily lives, just like any other member of society, in most cases. Their gangstalking skills are highly sophisticated and their commitment to Predatory Gangstalking exceeds zealousness. It appears to both an observer and a target that nothing required of them in terms of time or availability is too much trouble for them. As stated previously, but worth repeating, predatory gangstalking activities take priority in the lives of those who practice Predatory Gangstalking. Predatory Gangstalkers are a functioning subculture of society that move invisibly through society as such. This is by design, making it even more dangerous to society.

The goals of Predatory Gangstalking of an individual are numerous. Predatory Gangstalking is intended to deprive someone of their freedoms and rights. It destroys a person's privacy and control of their own environments. It is intended to create distress, disrupt all relationships, deplete person's resources, destroy one's physical and mental health and inflict great overall long term suffering. They interfere with a target's sleep thereby producing chronic sleep deprivation, as a strategic tactic. They employ a variety of interactions with the targeted individual which are likely to produce accidents and various forms of illness. One of the main weapons they use for their own protection and to enable their success in gangstalking is to manipulate the target's life in such a way as to cause them to lose their credibility with others. This is usually the first objective reached. After that, gangstalking the target involves only minor risk. Notably, people who become involved generally stop caring about the abuse by either turning a blind eye or actively joining in. While others, though concerned for the target, become too frightened to speak out or come to believe the propoganda that the target is mentally ill and needs ‘this‘ help.

Predatory Gangstalking also involves provoking "accidents" and consequences of harm to the target. Predatory Gangstalkers will surrounding a target's moving vehicle and attempting to force them off of the road when they are stressed and exhausted.

Worse, these tactics will be employed after tampering with a targeted individual's vehicle. Predatory Gangstalking is very serious business. Predatory Gangstalking is, at the least, psychological violence and at most, it is a protracted sadistic sociopathic domination and calculated destruction of an innocent human being for reasons of pleasure, power and social control by a group predatory stranger.

It is rightfully assumed that money is involved in Predatory Gangstalking because of the amount of resources required to execute such extensive efforts. The gangstalkers develop capabilities directly proportionate to the amount money that funds them. In following the money trail speculatively, one looks to the possibility that drug money is involved. Some people reason that the government may be involved because of the amount of resources that are available to the practitioners of Predatory Gangstalking. Other individual situations seem to indicate that corporations, insurance companies and even wealthy individuals with revenge motives fund a Predatory Gangstalking.

In addition to cash payment for participation in Predatory Gangstalking, other forms of barter are used. These include drugs, *, alcohol, reciprocal favors, release from debts, jobs, contracts,"deals" for legal problems and other forms of compensation. Some gangstalkers are given free housing in exchange for performing Predatory Gangstalking activities against a nearby target. However, it is clear from observing Predatory Gangstalkers in action that many engage in it for pleasure. One high ranking leader in Predatory Gangstalking stated that it was like an addiction. He described how the build up and culmination of a gangstalking assault was intoxicating, but that there was a let-down feeling afterwards that compelled him to do it again and the cycle continued.

It is also true that some people participate in Predatory Gangstalking because they are deceived into participating. Friends, neighbors and associates of a selected target are given false information and finally come to believe the targeted individual has committed a heinous crime for which they deserve what is portrayed them to be rehabilitative social intervention. Sometimes people reluctantly participate in indirect ways, such as making their homes available at times for part of the operation, for fear of consequences if they did not. Others involved in Predatory Gangstalking, including the homeless, do so for money or drugs. Disabled Vets are known to participate in Predatory Gangstalking activities for alleged government or defense contractor's projects. Predatory Gangstalkers have successfully elicited the participation of neighbors by appealing to their sense of service to the community or government, often representing themselves as affiliates of the government or law enforcement. Lastly, those who are in the underworld or secret organizations practice Predatory Gangstalking as part of their membership duties.

The craft and practice of Predatory Gangstalking appears to be standardized around the world. Many similarities parallel incidents reported by targets internationally. It appears that there is a standard protocol involving a series of tactics, progressive phases and nature of assaults. It appears that an individual has been selected to become a target and the groundwork has been established for their assaults long before the individual can be aware that something criminal is occurring in their lives and to their person. Predatory Gangstalkers achieve this strategically. By the time the targeted individual becomes aware that something very threatening and disturbing is happening to them, they have already been thoroughly investigated by their enemies, stigmatized, discredited and compromised. All wells have been already poisoned, so to speak, and all avenues of help and escape have been blocked.

Predatory Gangstalkers first establish "information dominance" over a targeted individual. This achievement alone enables them to attain excessive power over the targeted individual. It is believed that this is accomplished by means of eavesdropping devices in the target's environment, global positioning technology (G.P.S.) secreted on their vehicles, obtaining illegal access to all of a targeted individual's personal records such banks accounts, emails, medical records and credit card purchases. They are often able to achieve 100% surveillance of a targeted individual and almost 100% access to a targeted individual's entire lifetime of available information from any computer, paper, photographic, or personal source. They use all of the information obtained to ambush and sabotage a targeted individual. Predatory Gangstalkers ultimately become capable of entering a target's house, place of employment and vehicle at-will and often. All forms of communications in the targeted individual's life is interfered with by the gangstalkers. They will intercept email, tamper with voicemail and obstruct the delivery of postal mail. The net result is that all communication in a targeted individual's life will become unreliable and incomplete, both incoming and outgoing. The Predatory Gangstalkers are then capable of greater insidious manipulation and control.

Predatory Gangstalkers constantly update information about a target. Updates are promptly shared with all of the participants in that predatory gangstalking group. They take frequent photographs of the targeted individual and maintain photos of the target's house, vehicle, place of employment, family, friends and even the target's pets. They promptly disseminate this information through email and cell phones to other gangstalkers. This is the means by which a targeted individual is continually recognized by Predatory Gangstalkers everywhere they go. The Predatory Gangstalkers sadistically prefer to maintain a file of photos taken at points in time when the victimization reaches peaks, such as when a target is reaping consequences brought about by the gangstalkers, such as upon a targeted individual's firing, eviction, or when the person emotionally breaks down, or when they appear disheveled from insomnia or is fearful.

Psychological profiling is yet another tactic performed on a targeted individual for the purpose of finding weaknesses. They exploit all information obtained, including fears, triggers, value-conflicts, skeletons in the closet, areas of shame, addictions, vices and all things they hold dear. They often successfully "interview" a target under various guises. They use the information obtained to maximize the Predatory Gangstalkers' ability to destroy the targeted individual.

Practitioners of Predatory Gangstalking have their own coded language, both verbal and visual. Each targeted individual is referred to by an assigned code word. Hand signals are an important tool of their universal protocol. Some hand signals resemble the mannerisms used in baseball and other sports. Other signals are those found in law enforcement and the military. They use hand signals to identify the area of a target's body designated to be the target of a pending physical attack. This is often the eyes and the heart. They also use hand signals to coordinate the unauthorized entry into a target's home or vehicle. They also use hand signals during roving vehicle caravans and while on foot, for the purpose of coordinating attacks and pointing out the location of a target. Vehicle alarm panic buttons and horns are other commonly used tools of communication and coordination. In residential areas, outside lights have an established set of messages. They also use "dead drops" like spies have done historically to secretly pass along information to one another. Public bathrooms are commonly utilized as locations for the transfer of information and equipment. Mobile pick-up and delivery systems are in place for this purpose as well. They have a set of questions and responses to confirm the identity of a predatory gangstalker to another which are also coded. In the USA they refer to money by the last names of the president whose face is on the bill. Someone may say "I have references. I know 5 of the Franklin's." Their coded language is universal to them.

Predatory Gangstalkers will begin an intense and extensive discrediting campaign against a selected target well before the target could even suspect he or she has an enemy. This critical tactic sets the stage for neighbors and associates to become alienated from the target. One of the Predatory Gangstalkers' goals is to eliminate all forms of support and assistance for the target. Towards this objective, the police are given anonymous "concerned citizen" tips designed to lead the police to believe the target is mentally unstable or a problem in the community in advance of any actual direct gangstalking of the targeted individual. This sets the stage for having the targeted individual prejudged so they will be disbelieved and dismissed when the gangstalking begins and they seek help. The discrediting campaign includes accusing the target of being an "undesirable" for any number of reasons, including fabricated reports of having committed crimes that are the most repulsive to members of society. Practitioners of Predatory Gangstalking even go so far as to represent themselves as undercover law enforcement or government agents. It has been reported that they will even show false documents for substantiation, but they will never leave them behind.

Financial devastation is another goal of Predatory Gangstalking. Towards this goal, they make attempts to destroy one's gainful employment, pose as offering services to intervene in the problem to further take your money and will steal funds and personal property on an on-going basis. Repeated unauthorized entries into a target's residence, vehicles, computer and workplace are hallmark tactics of this crime and is nearly impossible to stop. Predatory Gangstalkers can pick locks, bypass security alarms and enter any location posing as utility crews, law enforcement, or delivery men. Practitioners of Predatory Gangstalking will apply for and obtain legitimate jobs in a target's home or business in order to have access to the target and their life, relationships and assets just to do harm.

Predatory Gangstalking employs a tactic of syncronicity. This tactic involves the precise timing of interactions with the targeted individual. For example, the target can go out to get the morning newspaper and encounter gangstalking activities that suddenly appear and which are precisely synchronized. Throughout the targeted individual's day, these synchronized encounters repeatedly occur. Activities such as leaving one's driveway, taking out the trash, going to a store, or even walking the dog, are activities which result in an encounter with one or more Predatory Gangstalkers. Even when a target strategically does not follow any set routine, these synchronized occurrences continue.

This makes the gangstalkers appear to be All-Knowing and almost Omnipresent in the mind of a new targeted individual. This is intimidating, demoralizing and directly terrorizing to targets. This is often unavoidable.

In the case of primary targeted individuals of gangstalking (_the rare individuals who are the priority target of global gangstalking_) the primary objective is to induce as much fear as possible and over time as the numbers of individuals that become involved or are made aware of a target, the abuse can increase substantially, so that there is no aspect of the targets life that is private or sacred. Rarely, if ever, does a targeted individual engage in an activity of daily living without the unwanted participation of Predatory Gangstalkers. The timing and coordination of these activities are remarkably precise. The targeted individual becomes aware that all of their activities include the presence of Predatory Gangstalkers. These gangstalkers demand to be noticed by their target and if they are not, they will take an action to be noticed. This could include honking their horn strategically, making a comment, creating a scenario to get the attention of the targeted individual. Once noticed, they will return to non-contact, knowing that by that point, the targeted individual will henceforth anxiously watch for them.

Most times, however, these practitioners of gangstalking maintain the appearance of "business as usual." They rarely make direct contact, with some exception. However, these strangers often boldly smirk and openly laugh at the targeted individual at some close point in the encounter. This is the universal exception to the "no direct contact" protocol. Other times, when verbal or physical contact is made, these encounters are conducted in such a way as to appear to have been "happenstance."

Since most of the practitioners of Predatory Gangstalking rotate in and out of the life of a target, the same patterns of gangstalking will occur, but it will involve different people all the time. Therefore, many different stranger and many different vehicles will walk, drive, or bike past the target and interact in some manner, at various times and locations. All of the predatory gangstalkers will be strangers to the targeted individual and they will continue to make their presence, but not their purpose, known. This is one element of Predatory Gangstalking that is disbelieved by others. These "others" include law enforcement, the medical profession and family. Those who are unaware of activities of subcultures such as criminals, secret organizations, clubs, extremist groups, radical political groups, hate groups, organized crime groups and other antisocial groups, the scope of attack by Predatory Gangstalkers is unfathomable. Never the less, the extent of this massive assault on one individual is as extensive as described here and even more so.

Let it be said that we really do live in amazing times. The world itself has seen much change and turmoil even in the last century and with the increase of technology, the desire in those who choose to live out of balance with life and try to live in dominance and control of the masses have opted for this horrendous path of ‘stolen power’. This may sound quite vague, and it is, only because the other face of ganstalking or rather the precise reason for its use deals with a more incredible phenomena than hasn't been touched up yet. In the first instance, we mustn't be so naïve as to assume that our governments and all those that have been granted the power and authority to run our world are acting from a selfless perspective. They simply are not. The secrets of the universe, God and true power have always been the Holy Grail of man and the desperate desire to achieve and own them by some.

To this effect the studies and research that has been conducted since time immemorial have been immense, with the one of the holiest of holiest being the understanding of the human mind, soul and will and how these can be controlled and used far more readily than man has been able to achieve so far. And it is for these reasons that extensive and more covert experimentation has been undertaken on people targeted for this work. These people are the targetted individuals of gangstalking.

Our minds are complex structures, our memories (_long and short term_), our thought processes, our fears and so on. If it is true that we do indeed manifest what we think as countless experts have us believe and that spiritually we are indeed one soul fragmented but unequivocally connected in a unified field, then it stands to reason that if one or a few souls and minds can be controlled then this will lead to the occupation of ALL. This of course sounds like insane rantings but assuredly this is the reality humanity faces today. There is a dark agenda to control all minds by controlling the energetic fields of existence, our physical bodies, dna, etheric fields, mental and emotional fields and so on.

Next, imagine for a moment if a ‘Lucifer’ were also created from one of the targeted individuals, more than just the social pariah they started as, what if society is lead to believe that they are actually a satanic entity or individual. In doing so, a common enemy is created with which to blame all eventual chaos upon. This is another portion of the agenda.

It is in the end the stuff of nightmares and what has been called dark prophecy or conspiracy theory is actually ancient agenda in it’s final stages of being played out.

On a personal level, participating in any form of gangstalking is not only insane but utterly immoral as well as spiritually and ciminally corrupt. If you care, choose never to participate, inform the target (_carefully as well as secretly_), make a united stand with friends and neighbours not participate and log all the evidence you can - takedown all information you can. Be smart, technology and the capability of those that have orchestrated these world terrors are immense.

But most of all remember that the 'fear matrix' within the collective consciousness of humanity is an overall target. If people are afraid they can be controlled. Stand firm in a belief of your divinity and eternal being you are still part Omnipotent Grace experiencing on earth.

Peace be with you.
